Right to Repair is related to the idea of Right to Property; that you should be able to freely repair the devices that you own Owners of such devices find it difficult to repair or modify their devices due to things such as undisclosed information, proprietary screws, planned obsolescence, unavailability of original parts, and legal protections among other methods as well. The right to repair movement has led to pushes for legislation that reduces the unnecessary complexity of repairs and aims to have manufacturers provide more materials that would help users or third-parties make their own repairs. Making it easier for consumers to repair their devices to last longer helps reduce tech waste, which is a problem due to the toxic elements contained within tech. This also has the added effect of consumers not needing to purchase new devices as often, potentially reducing the rate of harmful mining needed to create such products. In addition, withholding repair information or access for medical technology such as ventilators posed legitimate health and safety concerns amidst the COVID-19 pandemic. Ultimately, the right to repair benefits the consumer. Getting repairs can often be cheaper than having to buy replacements and help consumers get more use out of their purchases. For businesses, being able to repair the tools they rely on can help them operate more independently and save money both on proprietary repair costs and loss of sales caused by waiting for approved technicians. Repairs and mods can also add new features for users. Right to repair may allow users to downgrade/revert their firmware which would enable jailbreaking for more control of and uses for their devices. As another example, Kytch is a third party device made for Taylor Ice Cream Machines that makes it easier to receive diagnostic information about the machines as well as change their settings. Studying and reverse engineering Taylor machines led to the creation of Frobot and Kytch, which provided functionalities the original devices did not have. Doing repairs or making modifications is a way for people to gain experience and comfortability working with tech.