For this Weekly Ethicacy I took the stance that tech companies do not have an ethical obligation to safeguard consumer privacy. While I do think that tech companies should generally do what is ethical I think that hoping for them to do so will leave some people disappointed. The problem is that when it comes to consumer privacy the consequences for such data being mishandled or improperly secured can be devastating for those affected. Thus, to avoid such situations occurring we can count on something more reliable than ethical obligations, companies can be held responsible through financial incentives. This comes in a few forms. In a capitalist sense, we can make companies put more stock and effort into safeguarding consumer privacy if people as customers emphasize the importance of safeguarding consumer privacy. That is to say, if given the option to choose between similar companies customers "vote with their wallet" and pick the company with greater consumer privacy safeguards, other companies may then follow suit to make sure that their safeguards are at a comparable or better level. This also relates to ideas of consumer trust, as more trust in a company may increase the likelihood of consumers doing business with them. The other form that this comes in is that of government regulations and fines. If consumer safeguards are required by the government under threat of fines (and such fines are more than the company would save by intentionally ignoring said regulations) then companies will be more likely to make sure they are in compliance with such regulations. While I can't say for certain, I imagine that there are more unethical companies out there than companies that fail to make money.



