For this Weekly Ethicacy, I took the stance that ‘Always-On’ Culture was unethical and harmful to not only the employees but to the company as well. An important thing to note is that a significant contributor to ‘Always-On’ Culture comes from the widespread use of instant communication as well as the increasing practice of working from home. However, that is not to say that working from home or even working irregular hours outside of the typical 9-5 are detrimental in and of itself. Rather, the negatives of ‘Always-On’ Culture happens when employees are ill-equipped to separate their work life from their personal life, whether it be due to expectations from higher ups or due to some desire to feel productive. Employees always expecting some sort of email or notification about some other task can build up anxiety, pressure, and stress when it comes to their feelings about work and it can also impact their health and personal relationships. Furthermore, ‘Always-On’ Culture can impact one’s performance of their job as well, due to constant notifications and messages causing distractions and preventing focus. This can end up being bad for the companies as well if employees are not performing at their best when it comes to crucial roles. Furthermore, companies and colleagues may tend to over-rely on people when they are always on, making their absence much more impactful than it should be. However, there are ways to work from home without having to be always on, such as by setting boundaries with co-workers and supervisors as well as by logging out or altering technology usage outside of work hours.