For this Weekly Ethicacy I took the stance that piracy is not inherently unethical. My stance on this issue focused around 3 considering three points, who tends to pirate content, why do they pirate content, and how harmful is piracy actually. For the first point, studies showed that most of the people that pirated things online were actually much more likely to pay for content than those who didn’t. This point can actually be seen in how successful online platforms like Netflix and Spotify were despite the fact pirating options had already been available, due to offer a more convenient and safe experience. The other point to consider is that there are some legitimate benefits to pirating media, especially when taken in the context of how media tends to be handled in the present. Oftentimes, pirating something may be the only way for a would-be customer to even access the content they’re looking for. This is especially true when it comes to video games, where piracy proves itself vital to media preservation. Another thing to consider is how pirating media may be one of the few ways to truly own that media without having to worry about access being revoked on the whims of a streaming service or digital distribution platform. The final point is that while piracy definitely can negatively impact creators, creators are already being negatively impacted by the move to online platforms, as evidenced by the WGA and SAG-AFTRA strikes. If people were to pirate something someone worked on and then decide to donate as little as a dollar to them, they would be giving them far more than their views or purchase on above board platforms might otherwise.